update wording re: dependency paths (#1957)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/january-2025.md

### Added

<!-- Dependency graphs? -->
- [Dependency Paths](/semgrep-supply-chain/dependency-search#view-the-dependency-path) are now available in **public beta** for the following languages and package managers:
  - **JavaScript**: npm, pnpm, and yarn are supported.
  - **Python**: Only Poetry is supported.

>   Reach out to [<i class="fa-regular fa-envelope"></i> support@semgrep.com](mailto:support@semgrep.com) to join the beta program.

Reviewer: Not blocking, but we do prefer this option:
```suggestion
  Reach out to [Semgrep Support](/docs/support) to join the beta program.
```
